hello everyone welcome to easy steps
today I'm going to be showing you my
Mercedes ML class w16 for chassis I've
gotten sadly the check engine light I've
had it for a while now
the code is p 0 400 which pertains to
the EGR valve under the engine covers
the EGR valve is in the passenger back
there's a lot of causes that can be
doing it but the main to our blog pipes
or broken rubber of pipes that are going
bad so we're going to work on this now
let's see if we can get this fixed today
so I've taken out the GR valve as you
can see here it is we're going to be
cleaning up the carbon buildup inside
you can use any throttle body cleaner so
you are going to want to spray this
thoroughly to get all the carbon out
make sure you have something under
because it's going to get real Bertie
and messy so here's after results it's
much more cleaner now we're going to put
this back in also you are going to want
to clean out the EGR valve pipe since
it's hard to take it off just spray
inside is it so here's two of the pipes
that were connected to the EGR valve as
you can see this is one of the things I
can trigger your check engine light like
he does crack it up
it's just wear and tear it starts going
bad over time so you want to replace
these what's what the new piping so
after reinstalling the EGR valve putting
everything back we're going to go take
it for us
and let's see if the check engine light
comes back on after it's cleared out
just by turning on the car I can notice
a big difference between the sound I was
having before versus what I'm having
right now are every step easier 400 code
it was too cold showing so let's see
what we get no now I've one code which
is P Zero 400 it's still coming but 2 PD
so as you can see the check engine light
is gone this code just means that p 0
400 the problem was there before my
husband came back yet it hasn't
reappeared so just keep driving it
around and try it again after you drive
50 60 miles plug your scanner back in or
get it scanned and if that PD if that
code is gone that means you're all ready
to go so that's how simple it was to fix
your P Zero 400 check engine light code
I have driven the car about 50 miles
already I'm gonna drive another 50 more
just to make sure but I think most
likely it is gone so if you've enjoyed
my video or did learn something on
correcting your EGR valve please give
the video a like and please subscribe to
my channel thank you